Plot Outline

  

First Draft

Ideas
	  Maybe make the points trial last only one day
	  The pledge

Untitled Unmastered

Ourin

  

1. A young man is running down a busy street on a sunny Friday afternoon. He's somewhat tall, 1.85 meters tall to be exact. He seems to be in rush, not only can you tell from his speed, but also from his flowing obsidian-black hair. He's wearing blue tight jeans, they seem to be pretty worn out, you can tell by the washed out blue. Then he's wearing a black t-shirt with red stripes. He gets home all sweaty and exhausted, It's a one room apartment, right after he enters his apartment there is a small corridor where he puts his shoes next to only one more fancier pair. Then he walks forward right as he enters the main room, in the right corner there is a kitchen counter, if you'd walk a few meters straight from the right corner you'd find a cheap wooden table and a chair. Then in the far left corner is a queen sized wooden bed with an off white matrace and one pillow, and right next to it is a small wooden table with a shoe box on it and on that shoe box is a yellow sticky note with a written text on it "Last paycheck". He takes out his wallet from his back pocket and opens the shoe box, there are messy stack of bills he takes the money from his wallet and puts it in the shoe box. He then takes the sticky note, crumbles it in his hand and throws it in the bin next to the table. He slowly and carefully closes the shoe box. He stops with his hands on the box. His hazel eyes slowly widening and a smile is starting to emerge on his face. All of the sudden he grabs the box and starts laughing and yelling with his hands up and the shoe box still in his hands. "I did it! Ahaha! I finally did it!". He puts the box down and pulls out his phone from his right pocket on his jeans. With his hands shaking from excitement he struggles to dial a number but after a deep breath he calms him self just enough to call. The number picks up. "Oh hi Leo, what do you need?" asks an older soft feminine voice. "Guess who's going to M.U. Academy?" Leo says with a grin on his face. "Oh my god, I ... I don't know what to say" she starts laughing at the end of her sentence. "Well, you technically don't need to say anything, but you could surprise me tomorrow with some Bolognese how about that?" the sarcasm couldn't be more blunt from his tone. "Alright, I'll start cooking." You can hear the glee from her. "Wait, really?" Not the answer he was expecting. "I'll be expecting you on launch then." she replied. "Alright then" He chuckled. A slight pause as both of them needed some time to absorb everything that has been said. "Leo." her tone changes to a more serious one. "Yes mom?" he answers. "I'm proud of you." she says with her amber loving tone. "Thank you" only a simple response, but for Leo it is made more difficult as his throat is starting to close up and his eyes are tearing up. "Are you crying?" She asks? "No." He as says he quickly starts wiping his eyes. "Oh my god, my son is crying, how cute" she starts mocking him. "Oh shut up" he starts laughing as he's finish wiping his tears. "You should see me when I'm watching a romcom." They both start joyfully laughing. "See you at tomorrow Leo." she says. "Yeah, see you then" he says with a smile and ends the phone call.
    
   Finally after 5 months Leo has enough money for the application to the M.U. Academy. Named after Michael Uhmad. The academy has a certain reputation. They have one exam every year. with random scenarios. With that in mind Leo heads to the application center and they give him a date for his exams. “Alright, you are now registered for the exam.” said the older woman behind the counter. “Your exam will take place in the Kurp area on the 17th of June.” Before Leo could ask anything she immediately added. “Mahon city to be exact. It is a 2 hour drive from here.” “Before I send this application form, the university has this question that needs to be filled. Why do you want to become a Scavenger?” Leo answered without hesitation. “I want to explore the Cove”. The lady looked up and saw Leo’s straight face. “Very well, I’ll write it down.” She answered “That will be everything. Thank you.”

2. Two weeks have passed. Leo is on a train to Mahon city. After 15 minutes he is out of the city and in the countryside, everywhere you look there is field after field . A stranger approaches Leo “Is this seat taken?”. Leo is a bit surprised as he wasn't paying attention but immediately answers “Oh, no it’s free”. The stranger sits down quietly. An hour passes by and so does the scenery we are in the Circle forest. “If you were to fly an airplane over this area you would see a perfect circle around the Mahon city” the stranger suddenly said. “Oh, well what a fitting name.” Leo Replied. “Truly with our technology we can see very clearly that it is a circle, but imagine around 200 years ago, Those adventurers had to go through or at least around it if anything and map it out, if you were to do that it would take you 14 days of non stop walking.” He paused for a second. “I’m sorry, I’m rambling too much” He smiled and continued. “My name is Roman, Roman Lokra to be exact, Nice to meet you”. He extends his arms for a handshake. Leo shakes his hand “Leo Michalowicz, nice to meet you too”. “What an interesting name, you were born here?” Roman asked. “Yes and no,” Leo laughed and quickly continued “My grandparents live here, so i was here every summer for the past 14 years, after that I got accepted to the local collage here and I moved in”. Before Roman could say anything Leo added “But yes I’m from eastern Europe”. Leo and Roman bonded for the rest of the trip. Roman says to Leo that he is also coming for the exam.

3. Finally Leo and Roman arrived. And head to the exam site. Along their walk they bump into a rather older, smaller man. “Oh I'm so sorry” said Leo “no problem it’s alright” said the man with a smile and continued. “Listen, do you two boys know where Karl street is? It feels like I'm going in circles”. After a few exchanges, they learn the man's name is Mark Langman. They invited Mark to come with them as they are also going there. 15 minutes have passed and Leo, Roman and Mark are standing before a tall building around 50 meters tall. “This should be it, Karl street 252” said Roman. And so they went in. After a few steps in they were greeted by a receptionist. “Good morning, we are here for the exam,” said Roman with a smile. “Please fill in these forms,” Said the receptionist. After 5 minutes she called us to her desk.”Everything seems fine, here are your temporary badges with a chip in them. Please don’t lose them as you won't be able to get a new one,” As she is talking she starts handing them and continues. “You may continue straight ahead then at the end turn left, there will be an elevator, which will take you to the exam site. Everybody needs to swipe their card for the elevator to work. I wish you all good luck.” After a short examination of their cards the trio thanks the receptionist and heads out. “Thank you very much,” all three said and proceeded to go as instructed. They walk to the elevator, swipe their cards, the terminal turns green and the elevator starts. “It’s Going down?!” Mark exclaimed in surprise. It took around 20 seconds and it stopped. The metal door opened and our trio was shocked.

4. So many people. a lot of them were minding their own business. some formed groups. The atmosphere was very tense. as it should be to get to the academy you have to sacrifice a lot of money and time. “So that’s what the number means,” said Roman. Leo and Mark are surprised and immediately check their number. “one hundred and fifty,” said Leo. Then Mark followed up with **“I have one hundred and forty nine”. They both looked at Roman. “151,”** Roman said. “I’m guessing that now we have to wait,” Roman said. “It seems like it,” Leo answered. and so Roman and Mark found a place and sat down. “I'm going to look around if you guys don’t mind,” said Leo. “Do as you wish, I will be right here” replied Roman. “Same here,” Added Mark. “Okay, see you guys later”. After a while Leo returned and joined Roman with Mark. and so they chatted for about an hour. Then an announcer started speaking “Good day everyone, Thank you for patiently waiting, after 15 minutes the trial will start. you may leave before that with full compensation, but after that you may still leave but there will be no refund.

5. 15 minutes have passed and nobody left. A different voice started speaking through the spkeaers “ello everyone, This is your conductor speaking, you can call me Noi, please be ready to board tHhe train within 10 minutes”. “A train? here?” Asked Mark. Before anyone could answer a loud impact echoed through the facility. The train has made it to the underground. A lot of people were shocked. A few were calmed. One of them was a lean, fairly tall black woman, with an about 1.5 meters tall yet thin concealed object attached to her back. On the train there was a conductor and another man with him. The man stepped down and started speakidng “ As my colleague said please board this train within 10 minutes there is room for everyone”. An so people started to board the train. And so our trio sits down and waits.A few minutes have passed, Leo notices that the lady from before is searching for a seat and so he speaks up “If you want we have a free seat here”. “if that is not a problem” He adds as he is looking for confirmation from Mark and Roman. Both of them nod in agreement. And so the Lady accepts and sits down. After a few seconds Leo sparks up a conversation. The boys learn that her name is Briana Johnson and she is from America.
6. The train honks and starts moving. seconds later rubble starts falling everywhere. The train is digging a path. But nobody knows where. “Where do you think we are going?” Asks Leo. Briana answers “Hard to say, every year is different. But I would like some quiet place”. After some chit chat and walking around the train, suddenly there were fish around the water. Everyone was amazed. Then Leo had the idea to go talk to the conductor and his friend, Briana and Mark joined. Leo asked a lot of questions. Then they emerged from the water onto an island. “This is your captain speaking we have arrived at our destination. This is your final stop for now.” Everyone is coming out. Eventually the boys and Briana get out too and are immediately amazed. Huge trees that have their branches tangled together. Huge twisted single blades of grass growing from the ground. twisted as if you took a handkerchief and held it at the bottom and started twisting in at the top. and so they observed their surroundings for a while. A really loud clap suddenly happened. Everyone's attention has shifted towards the loud clap. It came from a pretty muscular woman about 1.9 meters tall, with long black hair made into a ponytail. She is briefing them about this trial. “Now that I’ve got everyone’s attention. Good day to y'all. As you can see we are on a deserted island. Your task is to survive for **5 days**.” she paused “But! You will be given a list of things to collect. There are 9 items and each item gives you a certain amount of points. Some items that are harder to obtain give more points and vice versa. Multiple items of the same thing do not count! So in total you can achieve 16 points. 4 items give you 1 point, 3 items give you 2 points and 2 items give you 6 points. The minimum requirement for you to advance to the next stage is 9 points. I do not care how you obtain these items, be it by stealing it from another candidate or by finding it. The only rule is that you cannot kill the candidates. Now that we got this out of the way we will shortly give you the list of items and general overview of the item". While they were handing out the list, Mark asked. “Do you want to group or do you prefer to go alone?” Briana answered “I do prefer to go alone but we can make a deal to not attack each other if that is fine with you guys?” Everyone got their list. “Now that everyone has their list, Please everyone form lines and you will be teleported to a random location on this island.” A loud buzzer went off and a countdown began. And so Briana left the group. And the boys were teleported to a random location.

8. “How do you guys want to approach this?” Roman asked and added “I think we should explore the island and while we do that maybe we come across some items on the list” Mark was not fond of this idea “We know where we can find the items. I’m saying we go straight for the 6 pointers and if we get one then we go for the lesser ones. We don’t wanna spend one day on a single point item and then another day on another one pointer” and thus an argument began between Roman and Mark. Leo had to intervene “Alright guys calm down.” But they aren’t ignoring him. “OKAY, SHUT UP! BOTH OF YOU.” “God damn what are we ten years old?”Leo screamed. “Now let’s all calm down and talk about this. We can solve this.” he paused for a moment and continued. “Roman is right, we should spend our time exploring the island.” “But! Mark is also right, we shouldn't spend our time going for every one pointer.” After Leo explained his logic(“ We can see that we are in a mountain area, that would suggest that the flower of illusion should be nearby and also soulstones” “Although yes, it is a gamble and we dont 100% know that we will find these items. it's safe to assume that there is a high chance.). Everyone calmed down and they began the hunt. They agreed on these items: The flower of illusions which is a 6 point item. Then a soul stone which is a 2 point item. and whichever 1 point item they might find along the way.

9. And so they spent the first day scouting the area. Roman saw a mountain in the east. Second day they went to the mountain east of them. They were walking for hours on end. They arrived at around 3pm. Yet still a mountain climb is before them. They’ve decided to rest for a bit. After a while the boys started to climb the mountain. It was fairly easy at the start, a few bumps here and there but nothing the boys couldn’t handle. After 3 hours they are at the half point. They are exhausted but they know they have to keep going. It was beginning to get dark. They see a cave and after a discussion they decide to spend the night there. Suddenly they hear a scream. Everyone wakes up and speeds towards the entrance. They see an older man running from a Tiger. Before Roman or Mark could say anything Leo started running towards the man. Mark and Roman looked at each other in surprise and after a few seconds they started running after him. While Leo was running he grabbed a rock. Leo reaches the old man first, throws the rock at the tiger to get his attention. It worked, the tiger is now focused on Leo and starts running his way. “Oh fuck” yelled Leo as he stars running from the tiger. The tiger was closing on Leo. Leo went deeper to the jungle, going for harder terrain for both of them. He ends up at a river, with the tiger closely behind him. He sees some rocks that he can jump on and get to the other side. And so he jumps almost falling to the river with a big current. He musters up the courage and makes the second jump. The tiger watches Leo pacing from right to left. And then leaves. Leo sighs in relief. But he realizes that he is lost, he knows that he can’t risk going back at least for a few hours. He doesn’t even have his backpack and it's dark. Leo decides to climb a tree and wait a few hours there and after that he will try to find a way back. And so he waited and waited and waited. Then before him a butterfly lands. and his wings start glowing and their texture changes to an alive fire. “Well would you look at that, what a coincidence that I don’t have anything to put you into” said Leo to himself and to the butterfly. Leo stared into the flames admiring the beauty before him. After that he decided that it was time to go. Leo finds a way back and meets up with the rest of the boys. The old man thanks him and spends the night with them. He explains why he is there. In the morning the old man parts ways with them and tells them when they are done with the exam they have to visit him in the city of Golden Junction. 

10. Day 2. They continue to walk the mountain. They chat and bond. As they climb the mountain. The wind gets stronger and stronger, the terrain more and more rougher. Finally exhausted they are at the peak of the mountain. There they see it, a bunch of flowers of illusion making a circle. Right after them there is a cave. “My god finally,” Cried Mark and continued “let's grab it and get the hell out of here.” Mark picked one, then Leo and right after him Roman. Suddenly snakes are coming out of the cave. “O kurwa, Run!” shouts Leo and instantly begins to run. Roman without hesitation runs after him. Mark looks at them then the snakes, his eyes pop out. “Hey, wait for me!” They are running from the snakes. Finally peace. Everyone stops and catches their breath. It still takes them quite a while for them to get down from the mountain. It is now 5 pm. “We should set up camp.” Said Roman. Both Mark and Leo nodded. At night they spoke and after a while they went to sleep. 

11. Day 3. Everyone woke up. They made some food and decided what to do next. “Now we need to find a soul stone, Which should be in some caves and they should emit a white glow.” Leo started wondering, “It’s very discomforting that we still haven’t met anyone besides the old man”. They went to a cave and searched for two hours, nothing. They went to another cave, still nothing. Five hours deep in their search Mark is starting to have doubts. And so he says it. After that he and Roman get into a fight. But an older man has been following them since sunrise. He takes advantage of the situation. grabs Leo and puts a knife on his neck. “Nobody moves! Unless you wanna see your friend cut like a pig” Yells the old man. And starts to search Leo's pocket. “Nothing” “alright give me your artifacts if you want him alive.” "Whoa," Said Mark and continued. "lets be cool.". "Oh I am cool you don't have to worry about." Said the older man. "Roman Give him the artifacts.". "Why do I have to give him mine?" Roman and Mark started arguing. The old mans patience is wearing thin. "I don't think you two realize the situation in play. If you two down give me your artifacts in less then a minute. Your friend will have a great talk with his great great grandpa." They cave into his demands. "Don't try anything funny just put them in my purse.". Roman did what he asked. The old man then released Leo. After awhile when everyone calmed down, Leo gave Roman his artifacts. "Roman, from the bottom of my hearth, thank you. Take these." he continued "You saved my life. Even though we don't know each other that well." Roman blushed a little. "Don't mention it, I mean I acted irrationally." this continued. and they went to sleep
12. Day 4. "I think we should split our ways" said Leo. "I think that the best strategy is to go for a 6 pointer and hopefully find 3 points along the way." Mark and Roman interjected "Nonsense we too need three points. so let us help you." "But you've helped me so much I cannot ask you for more." Replied Leo. But they were set in their ways. So they went and found on the way a [[Smarkof]] Mark started to faintly hear a whistle sound and Leo realized that its Smarkof. Then They went after the Egg of [[Kyogi]]. Which was near the river where Leo found the glowing butterfly and there would be the 6 points and the 1 point item.
13. Day 5. They barely get the **Egg** and the butterfly. Only 12 contestants made it. Then they went on to the train and were given a meal and a congratulations. Thus they make it and they are transported back to the MU Academy. But the trials did not end there.
14. END CHAPTER 1