Plot Outline

  

First Draft

  

Untitled Unmastered

Ourin



Macro overview
1. Arrival and introduction to mu academy
2. learning the magic system
3. Scraping by the barrel a.k.a. being below average in the learning of magic
	1. In one of the lessons the two pupils fight a teacher in an arena and they have to score a hit for them to pass (With an A) of course they are graded on Adaptivity, Combat and Teamwork. And so [[Old man John]] fights [[Mark Langman]] & [[Michelle Eischnitz]]
4. Tournament
5. Patrolling the city and other activities
6. The Lizards heist for Madrugada

## Arrival and introduction to M.U. Academy
1) Everyone arrives at the doors of M.U. Academy. Exhausted, sleep deprived, hungry. Once everyone is there Old man John starts Speaking there are two teachers to his sides. "I would like to congratulate everyone on surviving and getting the points needed." He continued. "Now I assume that everyone is exhausted and hungry." He Raises his hand and the gates open. The teacher to his right side a taller bulky man with black short hair smirks and starts to tell John. "Do you always have to do these stunts?" John answered with a light laugh and added. "Oh you know I have to Carl ([[Carl Newman]])". John then turned towards the gates and signaled the group to follow him. They went into the canteen. Once everyone was seated John said. "Let the feast begin." Leo, Mark and Roman sat down. "Mmmm." Mark exhaled with pleasure. "You have to try these mini schnitzels". He looked at Leos plate and asked. "I've never seen this what is that?". "Oh, I was surprised that they even have it. This is Candle Sauce. It is a Czech dish". Mark without hesitation started to move his hands. "Let me get some". Mark said. Leo was surprised but immediately slapped Mark's hand. "What the hell do you think you're doing?" Leo asked. "Dude I just wanna try some.". Mark replied while still trying to get his hands on the plate. "I'm hungry get it yourself." Leo struggled to get that sentence out because he was fighting Mark's hands.  Meanwhile Roman was eating but he couldn't hold his laughter much longer and started to laugh. Both Leo and Mark looked at him annoyed. "What don't look at me, You expect me not to laugh when you two are acting like children.". Leo was holding Mark's wrists, he took advantage of that moment and threw them away from his food. Mark then didn't try again. An hour passed by and everyone was done eating. The John and the teachers are standing on a stage. "Can I please have everyone's attention." John calmly said. Some people turned around but a lot of people were having conversations and so they didn't hear him. Suddenly Carl began to shout "Attention everyone!". The room went quiet, even the staff was caught by a surprise. "Thank you Carl." John said to Carl and turned to the canteen. "Let me congratulate you again on making it this far. Now Tomorrow at 7 am I want everyone outside by the fountain that we came by. Today you have a day off and at the reception you will be given a room. In the meantime I would recommend to explore this school don't be shy to ask the staff what room is which." He paused and looked at his watch. "Now then I won't waste more of your time." People were slowly getting up to the reception. "There is going to be a long line at the reception. I figure we should in the meantime explore the school." Roman said. Leo and Mark nodded. They were at the canteen which was to the left when you enter. They went up the stairs which were to the right. They arrived at the first floor. It only lead to the right or up the stairs. They counted 5 rooms which were filled with desks to sit at they assumed they were classes. the classes were to the left side. And on the right side there were teachers cabinets, library, exercise room, (doplnit random extra aktivity). then upstairs it was the same. One thing was on their minds. And that is "Where is everyone?". They caught Carl and asked him. He grinned and replied "Follow me". They looked at each other shrugged and followed him. They went into a large open room with hard wooden floorboard. It was a gym. "I'll tell you everything you wanna know about this school. But you have to catch me within 20 seconds. You may try as many times as you want to. But after 20 seconds we start over."
2) The atmosphere changed a little. Leo, Mark and Roman were standing besides each other. Leo in the middle Mark on the right and Roman on the left side. Carl was facing Leo. "As soon as you move the game is on." Carl said with a grin on his face. "Oh just you wait." Yelled Mark and rushed head first. Roman and Leo were not expecting it but followed up him pretty quickly. Carl began to run from them. Three seconds have passed. Carl in the left side corner, nowhere left to go. Mark closing up on him and Leo with Roman right behind him. Another two seconds have passed. Mark now Infront of Carl, Carl fake steps to the left which Mark falls for. Immediately Carl starts running to the right, but Leo and Roman were not faked by his tactic and were right before him. without hesitation Carl jumps up. surprising both Roman and Leo. His jump is so high it around 3 or 4 meters tall. They follow him with their eyes stunned by the height. He lands behind them and they resume chasing him. He managed to evade them for the thirty seconds. Everyone was catching their breath except Carl, for him it was nothing. "Care for another round?" Carl grinned and chuckled.  An hour of attempts has passed. the boys exhausted. "Let's go do something else." Mark said.  "No, c'mon we can get it." said enthusiastically Leo. "Hello? Reality check, we didn't even touch him. We are nowhere close to his level." Said Mark.  "Let's just give it a few more tries" Leo answered. Mark and Roman sighed. Leo indicated to come to him and he started whispering something to them. Carl perked up but he couldn't hear anything. The boys got in their positions. Leo and Mark started sprinting at the same time toward Carl. Nothing unusual. Roman stayed behind the trying to catch Carl when he dodges. Five seconds have passed they got him in the corner. He dodges Leo, but Roman was expecting that and he dodges right into him with Mark behind him. Without hesitation Carl smirks and jumps up. "NOW!" Leo shouts. Carl Turns around and sees Leo sprinting at Mark. It seems nonsensical, But Mark is hunched with his hand acting as a jump off point for Leo. Leo jumps onto it Mark sends him flying towards Carl. Leo is trying to reach Carl with his hands. He barely manages to grab his shoe. "I got him." Leo though. But that though was quickly gone because Carl slipped out of his shoe. Leo felled down with his face and Carl landed on his feet. "ugh" Leo grunted. Carl hesitated for a moment contemplating if he should check on Leo. But in that moment Leo strugglingly got up. Mark and Roman passed him and continued to chase Carl. In that moment 15 seconds passed. Leo from that fall and the exhaustion couldn't keep up with them. thirty seconds have passed. "You almost had me back there." said Carl with a smile. "I don't need your kind words, everybody here knows that we are no match for you. You didn't even break a sweat." Leo said annoyed. "Then why did you continue?" Carl asked. "To know what I need to strive for." Leo responded. Everyone left, The boys went to get their keys for their dorms and Carl headed back to the canteen. They got their keys to their room. It was a decently big three room apartment, They settled in, it was 8PM exhausted from the game and the trial, they went to sleep. The next day everyone gathered at the hall. at 8 am exactly the teachers showed up. Everyone paid attention from the moment they showed up. "Good morning everyone, My name is [[Briana Johnson]]." On the first look you can tell that Briana doesn't play around from her demeanor to her speaking and even her looks, even if that's unintentional. It took Leo by surprise by how tall she is. Roman noticed some scars on her skin and yet it was taken care of, Roman imagined that if he could touch her caramel *like* *(don't know if it should be there, or if it's correct to describe it like that)* skin it would feel silky smooth. While Leo and Roman were thinking about Briana, she continued her speech. "I will be your teacher on combat, such as positioning, stamina management and so on, I'm looking forward to our lessons." she stepped back and another teacher moved forward. "Carl Newman, I will be teaching you supporting in combat." Carl stepped back and a new face came forwards. One could say that he is the odd one out of the teachers but not because he looks different but the opposite he looks like the most average looking person in here. Him being 167 cm tall Indian man or somewhere in the Asia region, there is no hair on his head and even on his face, his eyebrows were thicker but not that much. "Good morning everyone, My name is [[Rahul Bhatt]]. I will teach you the fundamentals of magic." He then stepped back and immediately John started talking. "Well then, my name is John, I am the principal of this school and I will be teaching you long range battle tactics." He continued. "Now then, We have been watching all of you compete in the trials and decided that you will be divided into 4 groups of 10." By sheer luck or maybe somebody pulled some strings, the boys managed to get into the group C. After few minutes the groups were completed. One teacher will have one group for the day. But on the first day everyone will be having Rahul. It was 9:20 am we went into the classroom and everybody sat down. People were chatting, eating, drinking, there were groups of people already forming. Some groups knew each other from school, some were friends, but a lot of them didn't know nobody. At 9:30 am Rahul came into the classroom. everyone stood up, some people went back to their tables. "Thank you, you can all sit down." His voice was smooth and soothing, you could easily listen to him as you fall asleep. "I will be blunt with you, today's lecture about magic fundamentals will be very theoretical. But I do hope that at the end of this lecture you will find magic as interesting if not more as me." There was a certain rhythm and also a hint of passion in his voice. "While you may have heard that controlling and using magic is pure talent, I cannot disagree more, while to some extent that might play some role, in my experience this talent only plays a small role, about 5 to 7%. Now that we have this out of the way." He paused him self and added. "Oh my apologies, I forgot to say, that if somebody has a question please raise your hand and ask away." Then he waited for a moment, nobody raised their hand. He swiftly turned around grabbed a chalk and started writing. "Magic is closely tied with your energy. So when I generate this shield it takes my energy." He begins to crate a shield around himself it's aura is faintly golden. "I can also manipulate the shield, which also costs me energy" The shield gets smaller and smaller into his hand, it's shrunk into a size of a  soccer ball. "This of course drains my stamina".  "We can categorize magic user. there are 2 main categorizes. Range and Manifestation. Range is self explanatory. Manifestation can be divided into small subcategories. Which are: Enchantment, Mobility, Crowd control, Projectiles, And Specializations." Explained Rahul but before he could've continued a student in the middle of the class started to ask a question. "That's very interesting and all but I think a lot of people here want to learn how to use magic and not listen how its categorized." Rahul smiled and answer. "Don't worry at the end of this lesson you'll have all the tools to know how to create a spell". He then continued his lecture. "I will give you a one homework and that is to come up with your own abilities using magic." Everyone perked up. "Yes we choose what kind of abilities we use, and I will give you the fundamentals blocks of understanding how to create an ability." "There is a simple equation Stamina consumption=(Range + Ability strength ) / Condition )" "Unfortunately you can't put concrete numbers on in we can only estimate." "The question is then how much maximum stamina we can expend for one spell. And the answer is that our brain has an internal mechanism which blocks any spell from casting which would kill us." "So the **first fundamental** block is stamina management." "The **second fundamental** block is to create the right condition." "And the **third and last fundamental** block is spell mastery". He continued "Let's look at each one block closer." "I think the first fundamental is self explanatory, You don't want to gamble on one spell and then be useless for the whole fight." "The second fundamental block is a bit tricky, because it requires a lot of finesse." "For example I want to reach for that vase over there" he points across the whole classroom. A translucent hand shows at the vase picking it up and floating to the professor (this sentence doesn't make sense but it will do for now). "This required a no a small amount stamina. Because If you check the graph I didn't apply any condition. There are numerous conditions that one could think of. Let's say that while using this ability i cannot use my arms." His arms became translucent. "I can still move them, but if I were to touch anything" the professor came close to his books and tried to grab them. "As you can see I am unable to grab them. and thus my stamina consumption is greatly reduced." his hand came back and the floating ones disappeared. "we can also apply a much harsher condition on our self, let's say for example i become blind while using the spell, which would result in almost zero stamina consumption." his eyes turned grey and a hand appeared. "Now i can control the hand for almost indefinitely, but of course i cannot see where the hand is going." Again the hand disappeared and his eyes regain their color. "There are infinite amounts of variations that one can use." Everyone was in awe, the professor wasted no time and began explaining the last fundamental. "I would highly recommend to stick to few spells and master them rather then to create a lot, but I'm not discouraging you from it. I've seen many people, that used seven or eight spells and managed to win some [[prestigious tournaments]] Like the Goncha tournament." "I think I told you a lot and I'm pretty sure your heads are filled to the brim with information. If any of you have further questions. I will be in my office feel free to come by. Class dismissed." Everyone stood up and immediately started discussing. "what spells are you gonna create?" "I have no idea" you could hear from one group. "Dude I'm gonna make myself invisible" Said a boy to his friends "Lame!" one of his friends replied. As Leo was thinking about his ability a pivotal question came to his mind. "Mr. Professor, But how do we create or manifest the spells?" Rahul answered with a smile. "That you will learn in your other classes, now think about what spell you want to have, but don't linger on it a lot people try a lot of spells you have to find the right combinations that feels right to you". Everyone left and pondered what spells the are going to create. 
3) Monday rolled by and they went to Briana class. "Today we are doing a Fitness exam.". They went outside it was a bright sunny day. The exam was weight lifting, 50m sprint, 3km jog, coordination(standing up, sit-down, rotate to left, sit-down rotate to right -> repeat), Rope climbing. We were divided into groups and then rotated. "Okay everyone, this is everything for today. From tomorrow you'll be assigned into 4 groups of 3 and a teacher. If you have preferences with whom you want to be contact Mr. John." The boys go right away to the principals office and tell him that they want to be together in a group. he agrees. The boys take their leave and after a while the principal calls in ms. Johnson. "I hope I'm getting a raise." She said half sarcastically. "We will see how you handle these boys." he smirked. The next day in the classroom they were reading out names of the students and teachers who will have them. "Roman, Leo, Mark will have ms. Johnson as their teacher, please head to room 2B". They have arrived to room 2B Leo was a little shaky. "nervous eh?" Roman teased him. "yeah I mean she is one of the best fighters in this country" Roman replied with a slight smile. they knocked on the room but no answer so they entered. It was a spacious room, off white walls, with 4 school tables and one big table for teacher. They sat down and after a while they started chatting. (add a chat about something like in Tarantino "mcroyale and quarter pounder"). Ms. Johnson entered and as she's walking she starts to speak. "You can call me Briana" she briefly paused, looked at the class and continued. "Now that the introductions are over. You're in a field in front of you is...". "Wait is this a test?" asked Mark. Briana tilted her head and answered sarcastically, you can sense that she is enjoying this. "If I said yes would that shut you up?". Mark scoffed but remained silent and so Briana continued. "You've been tracking your opponent You're about 200 meters behind him, He's walking down a path, to your left and right is a forest, its about 100 meters away from you. otherwise it's open season. Your job is to neutralize your opponent. Go". Silence. "Come on this is the easy one". "Poison arrow" Said Roman. "Deflects, and now is running towards you." quickly answered Briana. "He's closing on you" she said close to Roman face. "50 meters!" "20 meters!" She yelled. "I can't think clearly with you yelling" roman retaliated. "Oh I'm sorry, I guess I'll tell the guy coming at you to take a break" Complete silence, she regains her composure and walks back to her desk. she sits down opens a book and starts writing something. about a minute passes and she closes her book and stands up. "Come on I've got some errands to do." They quickly pack their backpacks. "You won't need them" said Briana. Somewhere around 30 minutes have passed they were on a trail but it felt like they've been here. "I hope you were thinking about the scenario that I've introduced in the classroom" Said Briana with a slight grin on her face. "Now you can show me your cooperation in combat". "But we didn't have time for that" annoyingly pointed out Mark. You could see that he wasn't enjoying what Briana did. "My bad, We're going back to class". She started to walk back the boys turned around and started walking. "Or we could do what I'm saying so that I'm happy, you wouldn't want your TEACHER angry?" she made a exaggerated sad face. Mark threw his hands up and gave up "Fine, I'm guessing we are going to replicate the scenario but as three against you". "Whoa I didn't know we had a psychic, can you tell me what number am I thinking?" She leaned and was waiting for an answer. "I'm not playing your games". Mark said in a monotone voice. "Alright, we do as Mark said, I will walk down this path your job is to neutralize me, I will not use any spells only this wooden staff" Briana conjures a long thick wooden staff about 2 meters long. "I will stand here for let's say 10 minutes after that I will start walking, I think that's enough time to get you prepared. now scram" as they were walking by her she added "oh and the number was 7". The boys go into the forest to their right and as they are walking Mark says "Jeez why did we get the most annoying teacher." "She isn't that bad" Leo replied with. "Yeah you're right she's horrible, I mean how long are we here a week or so and she expects us to fight perfect?" Mark got really heated. "look I'm not saying that she is perfect but she is one of the best if not the best offensive fighter in the [[main regions]], I'm sure we will learn something useful" Leo tried to reason with Mark. "I need to keep my distance, that's where I'm the most effective" said Roman. "I can probably keep her occupied" said Leo. Mark stayed silent. 10 minutes have passed and Briana started walking "I hope nobody is following me, that would be such a bummer" she sarcastically said. Then all of the sudden one of Roman's blade's flew towards Briana. Just before she could react Mark teleported mid air in front of her to draw attention to him self opening with a powerful overhead kick. The timing wasn't perfect and Briana backstepped the kick. Roman adjusted the path of his blade but to no avail, Briana managed to dodge it and began running. Mark sent out a barrage of needles, every single one of the landed before Briana as she stopped. Thanks to Mark, Leo who's been running after her managed to catch up. Briana stood there ready to trade blows, Mark prepared his right hand for a hook, it baffled Briana for it left him wide open to variety of counters, she was ready to punish him. Suddenly he teleported himself to a different position, a slide with one purpose in mind to gather as much dust in her face and create an opening for Mark and Roman. Roman's blade was already flying towards the right side of Briana, but in that moment he created his second one and sent it as a follow up. Thanks to Briana's instincts and years of fighting experience, she saw what Leo tried to do and in response she covered her eyes, she ducked the first blade but Roman pulled it back and it split in two. Briana turned right, facing the new one and started running towards it. "There you are" she though to her self and began sprinting towards it and Roman. She jumped over the second blade. Roman knows that his blades aren't able to catch up Briana so he dissolves them and creates a new one. Meanwhile Leo picks himself up and starts to run after her. Briana notices that he has slowed down and is unable to catch her in time. Mark hidden just a few meters from Roman runs out of his hiding and starts throwing needles at her. She manages to avoid them but one needle manages to stick to her right leg, it stings a little bit but causes no damage. Briana doesn't stop coming after Roman. Mark stopped, it was such a sudden stop that he slid and all of the sudden Briana feels a strange pull from her right leg, she tries to stop but it is too late. Mark pulls the needle with all his might causing Briana to fall. The needle should've tear out of Briana's leg right away but Mark poured his energy into her leg and healing it. Suddenly the string tenses up. "What?" Mark was surprised. As Briana was falling she ripped the needle out of her leg, wrapped it around her arm and then she pulled the string towards her self. Mark hesitates for a second as he wants the advantage from the needle, so he doesn't dissolve the string. Just off this one decision Briana turns a disadvantage to an advantage. Marks eyes widen in fear as he realizes what is about to happen. He doubles down and plants his feet firmly to the ground, leans backwards and wraps the string around his fist. Leo again thanks to Mark manages to catch up. Roman is clearly panting, the strain of manipulating three blades has it's tolls but he pulls through the exhaustion and send the newly created blade towards Briana. As the blade is coming to her and Leo is inching closer and closer, Briana's muscles tense up. Suddenly with incredible speed Mark is flying towards her. She pulled the string towards her, thanks to Mark planting his feet Briana was able to stand back up and then send him flying towards her. As Mark is flying towards Briana he summons a shield in front of him entirely made out of needles. Before Leo and Roman's blade could get to Briana, she was already behind Mark ready to deliver a devastating right hook to his back. She considerably sped up as if it wasn't hard enough for the boys to keep up with her. It felt like like she was saying "Congratulations on landing a hit". Mark senses that something is behind him but to no avail, the punch lands and it sends him flying even faster. Then she starts running again now she's in Leo's face. Leo manages to block the incoming punches each one sends him back bit by bit. Roman tries to help by sending his blade but Briana skillfully dodges every time while still fighting Leo. Leo has to teleport out of this situation, he decides to go behind her as escaping her is impossible. He manages to find an opening as Briana has to dodge Roman's blade. Leo teleports behind her ducking to her right side and throwing a powerful hook to her ribs. But before he can deliver the punch she hits him with her elbow right to his head. He has lost his balance, fumbling around. Roman had to stop his blade as he can't know if Briana would use Leo as a shield. Briana finish Leo with a two hit combo starting with a left punch to his stomach Leo grabs his stomach with pain as he curls up then comes the right hook to his head sending him down unconscious. Briana kneel down to him "Damn, I might have overdone it." She checks him with As'ghani a diagnostic spell. "ahh, you're alright. I owe you a beer tho." she smiled and pat his back. She stands up and turns to Roman "You gonna let your friend get beat up like that?". "I surrender" Roman said. "I'm sorry I can't hear you" Briana gestures as she's slowly walking towards Roman. "I said I ..." Before Roman could finish his sentence Briana was running at him. Roman stood his ground didn't move an inch. Briana was getting closer and closer, then Roman swiftly lift his foot up he launches a naginata about 2 meters long right into his hand and strikes at Briana. She slides underneath the naginata. Roman jumps over her and tries to keep her at the distance but Briana just runs at him. He walks backwards while attacking. Right slash, left slash, overhead, he threw everything at her even mixed up timings but with every swing he takes he slows down. Every single attack that he threw at her she dodged and with every dodge she slowly gained more and more ground. Roman goes for the overhead Briana is close enough to grab it with her left arm and punches him to his stomach, sending him flying few meters back. He is so exhausted that just this one punch is enough for him. "Congratulations, you've earned another month of my tutoring, I'll see you tomorrow at 3PM" Briana said out loud as she was walking away.